README.md, before:

![Color Claim](http://www.vanschneider.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/cc_title_vector.svg)  

![version: v1.0.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/release-v1.0.0-blue.svg)

color-claim-sass is a Sass color library, with a set of accompanying functions, classes and mixins.
They are based on Tobias van Schneider's Color Claim. See all the color swatches over at http://www.vanschneider.com/colors/

## Installation
### NPM
`npm install --save color-claim-sass` installs color-claim-sass. You can copy the scss or css files to your assets. 
Alternatively, use `@import "path/to/node_modules/color-claim-sass/color-claim";` in your Sass project.

### .zip file
You can always download the latest version through [this link](https://github.com/JeroenPtrs/color-claim-sass/archive/master.zip) or via the "Download ZIP" button on [GitHub](https://github.com/JeroenPtrs/color-claim-sass);

## Usage
### Function
```sass
color-claim($color, $claim);
```
`$color` selects the corresponding Color Claim swatch and accepts a number from 1 to 102.
`$claim` accepts either "bg" or "text" as value. This respectfully returns the background and text Color Claim colors that are stored in `$color-claim`.

You should use this if you want to set something else than `background-color` or `color`.
In case of setting `background-color` and/or `color` to their respective Color Claim values, use the mixin instead.

### Mixin
```sass
@include color-claim($color[, $claim]);
```
This mixin sets your element's background and/or text colors to the corresponding Color Claim values.
`$color` selects the corresponding Color Claim swatch.

Not passing a value for `$claim` automatically sets both, passing "bg" or "text" as value respectfully only sets `background-color` and `color`.

Passing "inv" as a value sets the inverse: `background-color` to the corresponding "text" color and `color` to the "bg" color.

### Classes
You can use the following classes if you really need to use it as a class (f.e. in HTML, jQuery, ...). In any other cases - like the ones addressed above - just use the mixin or the function. 

Again, `#color` can be a number from 1-102.
Use `.color-claim-#color` to set both the `background-color` and `color` attributes.

`.color-claim-bg-#color` only sets `background-color` attribute, `.color-claim-text-#color` only sets `color`.

Inverse is also available: 
`.color-claim-inv-#color` sets background-color attribute to the color value (and vice versa).

Commit message:

Silent Classes
If you use color-claim-sass in a Sass project and you don’t want to you
use the classes, then add a variable `$_silent` and set it to true to
prevent Sass to spill you css compilation with classes.

They’re still available as placeholder classes.

README.md, after:

![Color Claim](http://www.vanschneider.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/cc_title_vector.svg)  

![version: v1.0.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/release-v1.0.0-blue.svg)

color-claim-sass is a Sass color library, with a set of accompanying functions, classes and mixins.
They are based on Tobias van Schneider's Color Claim. See all the color swatches over at http://www.vanschneider.com/colors/

## Installation
### NPM
`npm install --save color-claim-sass` installs color-claim-sass. You can copy the scss or css files to your assets. 
Alternatively, use `@import "path/to/node_modules/color-claim-sass/color-claim";` in your Sass project.

### .zip file
You can always download the latest version through [this link](https://github.com/JeroenPtrs/color-claim-sass/archive/master.zip) or via the "Download ZIP" button on [GitHub](https://github.com/JeroenPtrs/color-claim-sass);

## Usage
### Function
```sass
color-claim($color, $claim);
```
`$color` selects the corresponding Color Claim swatch and accepts a number from 1 to 102.
`$claim` accepts either "bg" or "text" as value. This respectfully returns the background and text Color Claim colors that are stored in `$color-claim`.

You should use this if you want to set something else than `background-color` or `color`.
In case of setting `background-color` and/or `color` to their respective Color Claim values, use the mixin instead.

### Mixin
```sass
@include color-claim($color[, $claim]);
```
This mixin sets your element's background and/or text colors to the corresponding Color Claim values.
`$color` selects the corresponding Color Claim swatch.

Not passing a value for `$claim` automatically sets both, passing "bg" or "text" as value respectfully only sets `background-color` and `color`.

Passing "inv" as a value sets the inverse: `background-color` to the corresponding "text" color and `color` to the "bg" color.

### Classes
```sass
.color-claim-#{$color}
.color-claim-bg-#{$color}
.color-claim-text-#{$color}
.color-claim-inv-#{$color}
```
You can use the following classes if you really need to use it as a class (f.e. in HTML, jQuery, ...). In any other cases - like the ones addressed above - just use the mixin or the function. 

`$color` can be any Color Claim swatch (1-102). 
Use `.color-claim-#{$color}` to set both the `background-color` and `color` attributes.

`.color-claim-bg-#{$color}` only sets `background-color` attribute,
`.color-claim-text-#{$color}` only sets `color`.

Inverse is also available: 
`.color-claim-inv-#{$color}` sets background-color attribute to the color value (and vice versa). 

### Silent Classes
```sass
$_silent: true;
```
You can also set all classes as silent, so they won't compile to your css.
Before importing color-claim-sass in your project, create a variable `$_silent` and set it to `true`.

All classes will still be available in Sass, just use `@extend %color-claim[-bg/-text/-inv]-#{$color}`.
